1. Who developed pythpn programming language?
Ans. Guido Van Rossum

2. Which type of programming does python support?
Ans. Object oriented programming and Structured Programming

3.Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes

4. What is the correct entiension of python file?
Ans. .py

5. Is python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans. Python is an interpreted language

6. Name a few block of codes used to define in python language?
Ans. Module, functional block and a class definition

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in python? 
Ans. #

8. Mention function which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. python-v

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
Ans. Lambda

10. What does pip stand for in python?
Ans. Preferred Installer Program, used for installing packages.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans. Bin(), Bool(), ByteArray(), bytes(), int(), float()

12. What is the maximum length of an identifier in python?
Ans. 79 characters

13. What are the benifits of using python?
Ans. i. Object Oriented and Procedural language.
     ii. User-friendly data structures
     iii. High Level Language
     iv. Easy to read, learn and write
     v. Extensive Support Libraries
     
14. How is memory managed in python?
Ans. Memory Management involves a private heap that contains all python objects and data structures.

15. How to install python on windows and set path variables?
Ans. i. install python from this link https://www.python.org/downloads/
ii. After this, install it on your PC. Look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using tge following command on your command prompt: cmd python.
iii. Then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path.
iv. Then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit
v. Add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type %PYTHON_HOME%

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans. Yes it is required and is very important.
